{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14800\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Prompt: \
I would like to create a website that I will eventually send out as part of wedding invitations. The idea is that it will be a website (it is ok if for your build out currently, we make this an html file that runs just locally - unless you have another idea here, I am open to it just let me know) where when opened, you are immediately directed to a login screen. A password will be provided in the wedding invite and the password will be only one password (shared) to avoid creating accounts. After user enters the password, They will be brought into the landing page which is broken into sections. If you are on a computer, the sections are just by scrolling down but should feel like you are coming to a new section and not just scrolling a typical webpage. If you are on an iPhone, it should be able to drag/scroll with touch to move to next sections which should also feel like you made it to a \'93new section\'94 and not just standard webpage scrolling. The sections are as follows: Initial landing page, About us, Adventure stories, Our bucket list, and end with Wedding Registry which is a QR code that will take them to our wedding registry. I included details about each section below in the layout concepts portion. Please review for further context.\
\
\
Layout concepts:\
\
Login in screen:\
- This should default to only prompt user to enter a password. The password should be set as \'93aleckerstiluna\'94 and should work for any user entering that password.\
- The layout should be sleek, clean, and user friendly for both computer and phone browser. It should not feel \'93tech-y\'94 it should be light, fun, clean, and visually appealing to want to enter\
- There should be a \'93You are invited to Alec and Kersti\'92s wedding\'94 message in middle of the page above where user will put the password. Under the \'93you are invited\'94 message, include a description stating \'93Please enter the password to learn more about the couple and explore some of their favorite adventures\'94\
- Under these two messages, should be a password (free text) bar where users enter a password and then can hit \'93Enter\'94 button (or alternatively click enter on keyboard) that will enter them into the website if the password matches \'93aleckerstiluna\'94. If password is incorrect, please prompt with error message stating \'93Password was entered incorrect. Please try again\'94.\
\
Landing page (after enter password):\
- This page should include a picture of us - please reference the folder \'91Wedding website\'92 and find image \'91Landing page\'92 to know which image to embed here.\
- Under the picture should include a message to the user reading \'93Welcome to Alec and Kersti wedding website. They have thoughtfully curated this website to provide you with an intimate experience as you will learn about them, explore their favorite adventures, and follow them along on their journey. They are very grateful to have you apart of their life and looking forward to a million more memories with you. Hope you enjoy memory road as much as we did!\'94\
\
About us:\
- This page is meant to be the first \'93section\'94 after users enter the landing page and scroll down. It is meant to provide some details about myself and kersti (groom and bride). This is a typical about me page and we want it to be light and wholesome.\
- Please feel free to edit this text to make it sound better where you see fit as many people will be reading this when invitations are sent out.\
- Image to be entered into this page can be found in \'93Wedding website\'94 folder and labeled \'93About us\'94.\
- About us detail: We have been together for 10+ years! \'85I know, can you believe it? Our journey starts all the way back in \'91Toon-town\'92 where Kersti somehow liked Alec who was living his bachelorpad days, living his best list (except his sister, Jenna, had to deal with this and was indeed not living her best life). After an incredible 7 months together, Kersti took the leap of faith and transferred to West Virginia University so they could stop dealing with the long-distance relationship - where one of their first pictures together was\'85yes\'85on a burning couch - go eers! Kersti and Alec tried to live as glorious of a life as they could while living on a budget. They managed to intern in different cities trying to figure out where they wanted to start their post-college life together all while saving up as much money as possible to spend on traveling. Fast forward to graduation - which was not what you would expect\'85never did either of them walk across a stage and receive a diploma. Instead, they ate cake in Kersti\'92s backyard and watched a half-assed powerpoint slide with their names on it. Thanks COVID! Their graduation led them to accepting engineering jobs in Philadelphia, PA where they very truly on their own for the first time. No more meal swipes, weekly allowances, or PRT cars to take them to and from their destination\'85.they were truly adults now. Philly showed them how much they loved to eat out and find new coffee shops. It was their first really city experience and till this day was some of their favorite memories. As life progressed, Kersti\'92s job brought them down to Raleigh, NC where they tried to find downtown and did not realize they already drove through it\'85no longer was the skyline filled with skyscrapers and bustling streets. They met some of the most incredible people of their lives while figure out their own. As the friend group grew in size, so did the roots to where Kersti and Alec were inevitably going to start planting their roots. In Spring of 2024, they got engaged in Sedona, AZ followed by a Fall 2024 house purchase\'85exciting year to say the least. Since then, they have dove into house design, weekend projects, but still kept their love for the city dining and coffee shop explorations. After a lonnnnng 3 years of engagement, they finally decided \'93it is time to plan our wedding, I guess\'94, which is what brought you here today! Thank you for being such an instrumental part of their life - without you, none of this would exist & for that, they are grateful. \
\
Adventure stories:\
- This is the section on the website right after \'93About us\'94. I want this to be a bunch of \'93Tiles\'94 listed with the places we have visited. The tiles should be pictures of us from each city - you can reference the folder \'93Wedding Website\'94 and inside, you will find .jpg/.jpeg files listed with the exact city name that should match the tile it goes to. On this page, they should just see the tiles with the images and under each tile should be a description showing the city. I want to build functionality into it that if the user clicks on the Tile (i.e., click on the city with the image of us in the tile), it will expand a dialog message where the picture gets enlarged and there is text/prompt under it explaining what the trip was and why it was important to us. I included the text to put in below for each city in alphabetical order. The images as mentioned, live in the folder and match the city name so easy for you to match up what goes where.\
- Asheville: Asheville, NC was our first NC adventure moving down here. You will commonly hear \'93Raleigh is great because you are 2 hours from the mountains and 2 hours from the beach\'94\'85try 4 hours from the good mountains and 2.5 hours from the good beaches. But anywho, after our 4+ hour car ride out to Asheville, we started the trip by exploring the Blue Ridge Mountains and more specifically driving up the Blue Ridge Parkway. This picture is us taking a pit stop on the side of the road as we drove up the mountain. This drive was one of the most incredible experiences because we got to see all seasons as we ventured up. At the bottom, Sunny and blue skies. As we made our way up more, you got to see fall kick into action with a sky-level view of the town below and fall foliage covering the trees. However, when we made it to the very top, it was snow & ice covered! An awesome first experience in this wonderful little town followed by brewery hopping!!\
- Atlanta: Work trip gone bad\'85booked an extended weekend for a planned for trip that Alec had. Come to find out, that trip was cancelled. Luckily for us, the hotel and flight were non-refundable so Kersti and Alec decided to take on Atlanta. Having never been there before, we did what all adventure pros do\'85search Facebook Events. We stumbled upon \'93Atlanta Food and Wine Festival\'94 and boy oh man were we lucky. Ventured into an all you can eat & all you can drink event centered around wine. Although the humidity had Alec sweating through his shirt, the scallop risotto and Pinot Noir helped him fight through. Til next time, Atlanta.\
- Austin: Austin, have you heard of her? What blew up really quickly as \'93best place to live\'94 naturally attracted us to plan a trip here thinking we would move to Texas. Out of the blue, we decided to venture down South and see what this place had to really offer and it did not disappoint. A weekend full of food, beer, and coffee - what more could we ask for? Although this was not the city for us to plant our roots, we enjoyed the time there and may plan a trip back specifically for the slide built into the bar.\
- Breckenridge: What used to be casual weekend skiers turned into 3 years without strapping in. Shout out to Kersti friend for moving out to Denver and coordinating a ski trip to get us back in action. Powder was shredded, snow angels were made, and we all made it out alive. Cheers to that beautiful village and may our paths cross again!\
- Chicago - Windy City, she blowin\'92 me kisses\'85.A group of friends from Raleigh took on Chicago for St. Paddy\'92s day weekend. We saw the river dyed green, spent a fortune at McDonalds, felt our hands freeze over, but most importantly, flicked the bean. This was our first adventure up to Chicago and it did not disappoint. Great memories with great people.\
- Cozumel: Fun fact about our time in Cozumel\'85We decided to rent a moped because why not?? The first 3 hours of this moped was like living in a Lizzy McGuire movie - freeing. We took the moped to the other side of the island where we had it almost entirely to ourselves. Made pit stops to white sand beaches, hole-in-the-wall bars, and crystal clear oasis\'92s. This was all good and dandy until unexpectedly, a Mexican police officer on a dirt bike is in pursuit of our moped. Naturally, Kersti is holding on from the back saying \'93do not pull over keep going\'94 as I am running through all of the terrible scenarios in my head that are out of a movie. I decide after a few hundreds yards to pull the moped over. The police officer so kindly asks me to take out my wallet and show him what cash I had on me only to take all of it except the 100 pesos I begged him to let us keep so we could take the ferry back home. What a day, what a life.\
- Grand Canyon: Biggest canyon we ever did see. We got ourselves into a bit of a pickle when trying to take a picture fake falling off the ledge when the park ranger came up to us and bluntly stated \'93I will not be the one shoveling your body out of the canyon when you fall\'94. Thanks, bud. Noted. What was supposed to be a tour of the canyon in a helicopter turned into us riding a bus and walking on our own two legs due to wind. Still wouldn\'92t trade this experience for the world!\
- Killington: New England\'85if you do not know you should know by now, Alec likes an IPA. This was really the goal behind going on this trip even if it was disguised as a ski trip. Black diamond? Don\'92t worry, I will be in the halfway house with my soup and beer.\
- Las Vegas: Viva Las Vegas! We went here on Kersti\'92s 21st birthday to celebrate how every broke college kid should\'85with $500 to our names. What could go wrong? I\'92ll tell you what could go wrong\'85.Just when you think you are the luckiest people in the world and you are winning money for the first time, you end up booking a dinner at the Stratosphere. For those that do not know, it is the top of the needle that rotates over the entire city while you are eating. We booked a table right on the glass, were going to eat for free from winnings, and feel like we finally made it (mentally because we were still broke college kids). Well, all of this went to shit after Alec thought he could win even more before dinner. Come to find out, that blackjack dealer really is an evil person. Took all our money and I had the walk of shame to the elevator with Kersti as we went up to dinner. In my death of silence on the ride up, Kersti politely asks \'93what is wrong?\'94 I told her I didn\'92t feel well and tried to play it off hoping my debit card wouldn\'92t decline after the meal. We get to our window front seat, and I have a better excuse \'93I am motion sick\'94. We end up just ordering a soup and a glass of wine and that poor waiter\'85.finally when we left I let her know what happened and by the grace of the gambling gods, we stopped into a Holiday Inn which had a casino and kersti hits the slot for $250\'85we were so BACK baby!!!\
- Montana: If we die\'85may we be reincarnated as a Dutton. A spur of the moment trip that was supposed to be a relaxing weekend for us to get away turned into an awesome adventure. We had 4 short days in Montana and in that time went to Bozeman, Big sky, and Glacier National park. One of our all time favorite trips that will forever be hard to beat. If you have not been to Montana, please book a flight after you RSVP to our wedding!\
- Nashville: Oh boy, where do I start. If you are the one person who is reading this, I promise I will not expose what you did\'85except for the fact you flooded our hotel room. What a time. Nashville, and more specifically, Valentine\'92s, you have our heart. May the mountains stay blue, the music be live, and the hot sauce stay burning. \
- Philly: This was the first city we lived in post-college. It showed us what being an adult really was. How great of a life we can build if we stay motivated and driven. But it also showed us what great food really is, what a sports town looks like, and what a homeless zombie apocalypse would be like. All jokes aside, this city stole our heart immediately. Surrounded by great friends, great places, and great memories. Philly, you will be missed.\
- Playa del Carmen: Tulum was our GO TO spot - you will find out more in the Tulum adventure story. But we couldn\'92t keep going back to Tulum, so why not try the next door neighbor instead? One of Alec\'92s favorite memories is at a beach side bar on a random night as they walked through the town. Hidden tucked away, there was a tiki bar with surfboards as seats, low top tables, fire show, and live music. It was truly an escape from reality and let Kersti and Alec finally find the time to be present in the moment and relax. \
- San Juan: Tripped booked during COVID because flights were crazy cheap, hotels even cheaper, only to find out that when we got there, there is a curfew and if you were found with no mask, you were fined. Luckily, we did make the most of this trip and met some awesome people to explore the city with. One story for you to take away with you\'85when our plane landed, of course it was about 11PM because again, we were broke and just out of college so we did what made sense\'85Frontier night flight. We go to check into our hotel and this is when we started to realize something was off. Streets were empty, no one to be found, and our cab wouldn\'92t take us to the front door. We have a massive checked bag and a carry on we were then lugging around the cobblestone streets trying to find our hotel. When we finally found it, the doors were locked. OH NO. We started pounding on the door with no one in sight to help and started to assume we might be stranded. Finally, someone let us in and told us about the curfew policy. By god, I don\'92t know what would have happened if he didn\'92t answer that door, but hey, we made it!\
- Sedona: This place is and forever will be special to us. The place where we had our first adventure back in fall of 2016 and also the place we got engaged in 2024. Everything truly does come full circle! This place holds so many memories for us and a place we will continue to visit. Bell rock, thank you.\
- Tampa: Internship #2! We took a leap of faith. Explored a state that was far enough from home to make us see if we would like it\'85well we loved Tampa and the people we met there but Florida in the summer is a recipe for disaster. Besides the sweat, bugs, and more sweat, Tampa gave us a taste of the good life. Beaches on the weekend, pools in every apartment, and our first taste of an up and coming city. \
- Toronto: In college, we decided screw it\'85let\'92s take a trip up to good ole Canada, eh. We had no idea what we were doing and the Airbnb we booked was actually a shared space with an asian family who did not speak English. Our \'93cab\'94 showed up for us to follow them to the Airbnb and come to find out he took us to the wrong spot\'85it was already booked. So he took us to the shared space where Kersti and I thought we were going to get killed. Good news, we did not. We spent maybe 4 hours total in that place (just for sleep) and made it our mission to explore as much of Toronto as we could. Fun fact\'85they wouldn\'92t accept my American dollar. What\'92s up with that??\
- Tulum: Our happy place. What started with Kersti asking me for a trip that was \'93south side, beach front, in a bungalow\'94 turned out to become one of the most magical places we have ever been. We have since returned 5 total times\'85that is how much we adored it. Whether you are staying beach side or in the town, there is something for you to do. Please for the sake of the people, go visit!\
- Wintergreen: A Raleigh-friend trip planned in the mountains surrounded by wine and beer. What a damn time. If you ever want to feel like Pablo Escobar, go get you some of Wintergreen, NC and explore what they have to offer. Sip your Chianti and eat your buttered bread because this is the good life!\
\
Our bucket list:\
- I want this section to be a light and fun bucket list page. It is right after our \'93adventure stories\'94 section and should show each item in a creative way. The listed items are on our \'93couple/together\'94 bucket list of things we want to do together.\
- Bucket list items:\
	- Visit Seoul Korea and find a relative of Alec\'92s\
	- Crop our own coffee beans from a region in Guatemala\
	- Ice bath in Iceland\
	- Camp under the northern lights\
	- Hike the Dolomites\
	- Jump off a waterfall in Hawaii\
}